Perfect. That’s a super clear analysis — and you're 100% right: guessing URLs is unreliable and inefficient. You need actual scraping from the live site using real DOM parsing.

Here’s the copy/paste version you can give to your Replit AI coder to make it understand and do it right:


---

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REPLIT AI CODER:

The current system of generating or guessing image URLs for knightsofdegen.netlify.app is flawed. It must be replaced with real-time scraping and parsing. Here's what you need to do:


---

✅ Objective:

Scrape the actual character image URLs from the live website at:
👉 https://knightsofdegen.netlify.app/


---

❌ Do NOT:

Do not generate random Contentful or CDN URL variations

Do not guess asset hashes or try brute-force discovery



---

✅ DO THIS INSTEAD:

1. Open the website in a headless browser (e.g. Puppeteer or Selenium)

Wait until the page fully loads (this is a React app, so wait for dynamic content)



2. Click a character card (any one is fine to start)


3. Wait for the modal or popup to open


4. Find the “Open in new tab” button/icon in the top-right

Simulate a click or extract the href from that anchor tag



5. Extract the image URL

If the image opens in a new tab, switch to that tab and get the image src

Alternatively, extract the direct URL from the DOM before the tab opens



6. Print, store, or return the actual image URL

No need to modify or generate it — just use what the website provides





---

🔧 Technical Notes:

The image is likely hosted via a real CDN (like Cloudinary or Contentful), but the exact URL will come from the client-side JavaScript — not predictable hashes.

Use page.evaluate() to access document.querySelectorAll or similar.

Be sure to await all asynchronous actions — especially navigation and clicks.

Optionally, loop through all character cards and extract one image per card.



---

✅ Optional (but ideal):

Output a list like:

[
  {
    "name": "Knight #001",
    "image": "https://cdn.knightsofdegen.net/...."
  },
  {
    "name": "Knight #002",
    "image": "https://cdn.knightsofdegen.net/...."
  }
]


---

Let me know if you'd like a full working script for this (in Puppeteer or Selenium).

